c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Form1.resources
c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Form2.resources
c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Resources.resources
c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
c:\users\cruzate\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe.config
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.login.resources
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.registration.resources
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.profile.resources
C:\Users\Cruzate\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication3\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.homepage.resources
